`docs`: add `write_only` field in `field_references` (#13347)
GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules: docs/content/reference/field.md

sensitive: true
```

### `write_only`
If true, the field is considered "write-only", which means that its value will

> be obscured in Terraform output as we all as not be stored in state. This field is meant to replace `sensitive` as it doesn't store the value in state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be obscured in Terraform output as well as not be stored in state. This field is meant to replace `sensitive` as it doesn't store the value in state.
```

See [Ephemerality in Resources - Use Write-only arguments](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral/write-only)
for more information.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Write-only fields are only supported in Terraform v1.11+. Because the provider supports earlier Terraform versions, write only fields must be paired with (mutually exclusive) `sensitive` fields covering the same functionality for compatibility with those older versions.
```

> This field cannnot be used in conjuction with `immutable` or `sensitive`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This field cannot be used in conjuction with `immutable` or `sensitive`.
```

Reviewer: Isn't `immutable` fine? The resource will recreate if you increment the version. Or does the _version_ need to be the one that's immutable?

Author: the version field (the non-write-only field) would need to be immutable.
